Thank you.
So I'm going to talk about georchestral, a special data infrastructure.
So before starting to talk about georchestral, I'm going to present myself.
So I'm Emilia De Vos.
I work as a DevOps engineer in the geospatial department at K2Gamp.
So K2Gamp is located in the Alps of France.
And I also love about open source, I have a GitHub user if you want to check out my project.
So before talking about the actual piece of software, maybe a lot of people do not know
what is geospatial data.
So geospatial data is the science to process and exploit geolocalized data that can be
represented on the map.
So if you ever used OpenStreetMap, you probably already used geospatial data.
Or maybe I should not say Google Maps, so you probably used geospatial data.
So what is spatial data infrastructure?
Spatial data infrastructure is a framework of spatial data, metadata, users and tools
that are interconnected between each other in order to use spatial data in a flexible
and optimized way.
So why is georchestral a complete data infrastructure?
So georchestral is composed of multiple tools that are open source and maintained by volunteers.
So the first tools, the one that everyone knows is PostgreSQL.
We use the post-gis extension to store geospatial data.
And then we have GeoServer because when you store geospatial data, you want to access
it, this data.
So you have APIs to access this geospatial data, like WMS, WMTA and so on.
And then you have GeoNetwork because when you have geospatial data, you want to have
some context, some metadata.
So you want to know the description of this geospatial data, you want to know who created
it, you want to know the date of the creation of the geospatial data and the license and
so on.
So that's where GeoNetwork comes into place.
And then once you have this geospatial data, you want to visualize it on a map like you
will be doing on Google Maps.
So you use map stores to show this geospatial data on the map.
And then once you have your geospatial data, you may want to control this geospatial data
because sometimes you do not want to show this geospatial data to the public.
You want to restrict it to people.
So that's where the console comes into place.
You have users, role, organization and so on.
So you could think of a geochester like a Linux distribution.
There are multiple tools that are interconnected between each other.
And then you have the spatial data infrastructure.
So I want to remind that all the components in geochestors are open source and they are
actually more component in geochestors that I'm not going to talk in this presentation.
So once you know about the insight of a geochestor, why should you use a geochestor?
Why are the use cases?
So the first one is to manage and share relevant information.
So a region of especially in France use geochestors to store their geospatial data and then share
it to the public.
So here are a couple of names that maybe French people know about.
We have a Lille that uses a geochestor.
We have Haute France, Grand Est, Haute Loire, Brittany and outside of France.
We also have countries like Bolivia.
Geochestor is also used in small cities.
When people want to know specific information about the cities, they can know like in this
example information about a park in the cities of Rennes.
So it's very useful to have a discussion on information.
And there is also the digital factories Dutch Telecom uses geochestor to deploy the rollout
of the fiber optic in Germany.
And I want to also talk about the community.
Every year we have a meeting, a meetup in the community where people of the existing
member of the community gather to share their experience to know a bit more about geochestor.
But newcomers are welcome also.
Last year that was in Paris at IGN, a famous organization that created maps.
And this year it will be in Lille.
So you are welcome to join at Le Geocombe.
It's called Le Geocombe.
So thank you for listening to my presentation.
I displayed QR code if you want to see my slides.
And if you want to know more about Le Geocombe, it's a meeting.
You can go to geochestor.org.
There are all these kind of information.
And there is also our GitHub organization.
And you can also talk to us on IFC.
And we have a special docker compose if you want to test geochestor in local.
And there is also a demo link that I'm not linking in this slide, but you can see it
on the official website.
So thank you for listening to me.
And I hope you will discover a bit more about geochestor because that was quite short.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you for your talk.
And you are available outside for questions about your talk.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.